magento/devdocs#: Set page layout type (#4475)
magento/devdocs: guides/v2.1/frontend-dev-guide/layouts/layout-types.md

</page_layouts>
```

> Use `layout` attribute in `page` section to define a layout type of the page. Example below shows how to use `3 columns` page layout type for the [Wish List Sharing](https://github.com/magento/magento2/blob/2.3.1/app/code/Magento/Wishlist/view/frontend/layout/wishlist_index_share.xml#L8) page:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the `layout` attribute in the `page` section to define a layout type for the page. The following example shows how to use the `3 columns` page layout type for the [Wish List Sharing](https://github.com/magento/magento2/blob/2.3.1/app/code/Magento/Wishlist/view/frontend/layout/wishlist_index_share.xml#L8) page:
```

Author: **fixed**

```xml
<?xml version="1.0"?>
<!--
/**
 * Copyright © Magento, Inc. All rights reserved.
 * See COPYING.txt for license details.
 */
-->
<page xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance" layout="3columns" xsi:noNamespaceSchemaLocation="urn:magento:framework:View/Layout/etc/page_configuration.xsd">
    <update handle="customer_account"/>
    <body>
        <referenceContainer name="content">
            <block class="Magento\Wishlist\Block\Customer\Sharing" name="wishlist.sharing" template="Magento_Wishlist::sharing.phtml" cacheable="false"/>
        </referenceContainer>
    </body>
</page>
```

> ![Wish List Sharing. 3 columns layout page type]({{ page.baseurl }}/frontend-dev-guide/images/version.png)

Reviewer: This only works if you add symlinks from 2.3 and 2.2 to the 2.1 image file you added.

Author: I used a wrong file name. Could you please run tests again?

Thank you!

Reviewer: Ah, yes. You're right. I didn't look closely enough at the errors. I'll run again soon.

Author: > This only works if you add symlinks from 2.3 and 2.2 to the 2.1 image file you added.
Also, I've added symlinks ;)

{:.bs-callout .bs-callout-info}

> By default Magento introduces 5 page layout types: `empty`, `1column`, `2columns-left`, `2columns-right` and `3columns` for frontend and 3 page layout types `admin-empty`, `admin-1column` and `admin-2columns-left` for backend.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, Magento provides 5 page layout types for the frontend (`empty`, `1column`, `2columns-left`, `2columns-right`, and `3columns`) and 3 page layout types for the backend (`admin-empty`, `admin-1column`, and `admin-2columns-left`).
```

Author: **implemented**

Thank you!
